README.md, before:

# Project3
Implementations and demonstrations of postorder traversal, height counting, and node counting for BinaryTree and BinaryNode objects.

## Names and Contributions
- George Matta
  - Implemented getting the height for a BinaryTree and a BinaryNode. Implemented getting the number of nodes for a BinaryTree and a BinaryNode. Also implemented BinaryTree constructor to create a tree given preorder and inorder traversal strings.
- Pierlorenzo Peruzzo
  - Initialized the repo and implemented postorder traversal for BinaryTree and BinaryNode. Also implemented methods to find the preorder and inorder traversal of a BinaryTree and BinaryNode (in addition to postorder)
- Angelica Arteaga
  - C

## Extra Features
- Super cool code courtesy of the Super Cool Coding Group
- Methods for Preorder traversal and Inorder traversal
- BinaryTree constructor to create a tree given preorder and inorder traversal strings :)

## Video Link
-

## JavaDoc Index Link
- https://github.com/super-cool-coding-group/Project3/blob/main/javadocs/index.html

Commit message:

Added javadocs for all methods and variables.

README.md, after:

# Project3
Implementations and demonstrations of postorder traversal, height counting, and node counting for BinaryTree and BinaryNode objects.

## Names and Contributions
- George Matta
  - Implemented getting the height for a BinaryTree and a BinaryNode. Implemented getting the number of nodes for a BinaryTree and a BinaryNode. Also implemented BinaryTree constructor to create a tree given preorder and inorder traversal strings.
- Pierlorenzo Peruzzo
  - Initialized the repo and implemented postorder traversal for BinaryTree and BinaryNode. Also implemented methods to find the preorder and inorder traversal of a BinaryTree and BinaryNode (in addition to postorder)
- Angelica Arteaga
  - Defined the createTree2 method (for task 4) and created unit tests for all the methods we created.

## Extra Features
- Super cool code courtesy of the Super Cool Coding Group
- Methods for Preorder traversal and Inorder traversal
- BinaryTree constructor to create a tree given preorder and inorder traversal strings :)

## Video Link
-

## JavaDoc Index Link
- https://github.com/super-cool-coding-group/Project3/blob/main/javadocs/index.html
